---
# Page settings
layout: default
keywords:
comments: false

# Hero section
title: Section 6 (Week 6)
description: Debugging deep learning projects.


# Micro navigation
micro_nav: true

---

# Introduction

Debugging is one of the most useful skills you can learn as a deep learning researcher or engineer. In this section we'll take a prebuilt codebase that performs **object segmentation** using an architecture similar to **UNet** [https://arxiv.org/abs/1505.04597](https://arxiv.org/abs/1505.04597). This codebase has some bugs, and our goal will be to fix all of them so that our network trains properly.

# Problem Statement

**Coming soon.**

# Overall Approach

**Coming soon.**

# Types of Errors

We've generally introduced four types of errors into this codebase.

Syntax errors and logical errors should be similar to regular software engineering bugs. Algorithmic and experimental errors are probably more unique to deep learning as they may be related to your particular task/problem statement, the way you're approaching the problem, or your experimental setup. We've littered all types of these bugs throughout the codebase.

1. **Syntax Error**
	- Your code doesn't compile or run
2. **Logical Error**
	- Your code compiles but it doesn't work the way you wanted it to.
	- You thought you were implementing something correctly but have a bug in that implementation that causes it perform some other function/operation.
3. **Algorithmic Error**
	- The code works the way you intended it to.
	- But the algorithm you were thinking of doesn't make sense for your data/task.
4. **Experimental Error**
	- The code works, it's the right algorithm, but you need to fix some hyperparameter or other experimental setting.

# Debugging Tips

**Coming soon.**

# Take Home Exercises

**Coming soon.**

# Solutions

**Coming soon.**